<a name="relation-to-other-IGs"></a>
### PCT IG Relation to other IGs
<h4>US Core</h4>
<p>This IG uses the Claim and ExplanationOfBenefit Resource as its primary resources. Reference Resources are Coverage, Patient, Practitioner, PractitionerRole, Organization and Location. Since the ExplanationOfBenefit and Coverage profiles are not included in US Core, there is no alignment requirement for these profiles. Patient, Practitioner, and Organization are US Core Profiles. Since these are supporting / reference profiles (rather than a focus profile) in this IG, the alignment with the US Core is on the content of these profiles, but not on the search parameters. </p>
<h4>SMART Application Launch (tentative, this is under review)</h4>
<p class="yiv6774487417xxxxmsonormal">This IG requires the use of the SMART App Launch Framework’s standalone launch sequence as it will clarify that applications maintain a patient context for the duration of some connections. This authorization sequence also supports the ability for Payer Patient Access APIs to provide a patient selection widget that can be used to enable delegated access to member information. The SMART App IG also provides guidance on how to configure OAuth 2.0 servers to mediate access based on a set of rules configured to enforce institutional policy, which may include requesting end-user authorization. The SMART App IG also provides guidance on how to handle authentication. </p>
<p class="yiv6774487417xxxxmsonormal">The SMART App IG does not dictate the institutional policies that are implemented in the authorization server. Security mechanisms, such as those mandated by HIPAA in the US (end-user authentication, session time-out, security auditing, and accounting of disclosures) are outside the scope of this profile.</p>
